feat(product-import): support matchVariantsByAttr option. (#180)
sphereio/sphere-product-import: readme/product-import.md

      * updateRequest contains `updateRequest.version` with the current product version and `updateRequest.actions` with all update actions
    * variantReassignmentOptions
      * enabled: when set to `true`, [reassignment module](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-node-variant-reassignment) will run before product import.

>     * matchVariantsByAttr: an option to specify variant matching, with that option you could specify a matcher like `sku`. by default variants match first by sku, then by key and then id. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * matchVariantsByAttr: an option to specify a variant attribute that will be used for finding a matching variant in a product. By default variants are matched first by sku, then by key and then id. 
```
